what's up guys and welcome to this video
on fifa 14 ultimate team now I'm gonna
be teaching you guys words up guys and
welcome to this trading tip on fifa 14
ultimate team hopefully by then this
video you'll get a really good
understanding of when to buy and sell
your players on the trading market and
which will hopefully help you gain a few
extra coins and whether it be a couple
of thousand coins will it be a couple of
hundred coins at this stage in the game
everything really does count and if
you're looking to buy fifa 14 coins that
go and check out UT coin direct they're
very cheap and reliable source to buy
your fifa coins from the links be down
in the description of course and it's a
link to their website twitter and
facebook so check them out in at the
description below so my tip for today is
when to buy and sell what your players
now this is actually helped me quite a
lot and I've been noticing it quite a
lot on the web app whether all sort of a
stay for when the actual game on the
console comes out is a different matter
I think it'll kind of flip but when it's
been late at night and maybe like 12 in
the morning and I've been on the market
there's quite a few players which were
you know a little bit more expensive
than they would be during peak times
which is in my opinion when the kids get
back when you know people get back from
school so I'd say from around 4pm to 9pm
is probably peak times and for example I
will go and have a look now I put
Mariappa I don't know if you guys
watched my video from the other day and
but I bought Mary up her he is the
fastest center back in the silver market
for the botkins Premier League and at
the moment he is going for around 15
thousand coins I actually picked him up
a couple of days ago all shown now I
picked him up a couple of days ago for
twelve thousand five hundred coins well
as actually yesterday I picked him up
and his price last night was around
16,000 coin 17,000 hordes that's the
cheapest on the market at the moment and
I can only imagine later and today it
will probably go up to about 16,000 at
peak times and probably right 18,000 at
off-peak times which off-peak times i
would i'm going to talk about this on
you k times because i'd say them the
majority of people that play ultimate
team are from the UK and so it
if you are buying and selling players I
would personally by the players during
the peak times will try and do that
obvious it's can be rather hard but at
the moment trading is hard enough so
can't yourself lucky if you get a good
deal or not I've managed to get quite a
few decent deals so it is possible and
you will be able to see a lot of the
other youtubers have been able to get a
few good deals so selling out of big x
is your best bet because there's not as
many players on the market which means
there's less competition for you guys so
you can sort of said I set the bar a
little bit higher than usual and this is
actually helped me a lot it helped me
selling sacco I bought him for two
thousand coins at the peak time on the
second day of trading of when the red
web came out and during the day was
about 2500 I pay 2,000 for him on that
day that was only a couple hundred coins
you know profit but then during the
off-peak times he went up a little bit
to about 3000 coin 3200 and I managed to
put him up for 2,900 and he sold over
night which was pretty happy with so
that's just one example in next coming
days I am planning to sell off Mariappa
I made because Allah because I do want
to do some more investing in some other
players as well and try and build up my
coins even more I've actually purchased
this guy Rana he's got four star skill
moves and five star week for I believe
the Liga MX is going to be an incredibly
sought after silver league this year if
you go into the Liga MX there's just
some incredible players this guy is just
one of them and I paid 3100 coins i
think is around at the moment i'm not
trying to like make this guy more
expensive in any way shape or form it's
just one example of how the league MX is
going to be a lot more expensive i will
just show you now a few players says
like a centre-back with 90 pace it is
ridiculous like that league is going to
be amazing at this year i will just show
you a few players from the league
there's also a left wing with five-star
skills pereira here with you know 84 pay
75 depending on six heading this guy is
going to be amazing as well so if you
just go through the league and do what
I'm doing right now you'll be able to
see there's a lot of players like
obviously there's a lot of just silver
players as well which people have just
gotten packs and stuff and that they're
wanting to sell but honestly it's
definitely worth doing definitely worth
investing in trying to you know find out
some hit some hidden gems and hopefully
this sort of buying a peak time
I'm selling at off-peak times has really
helped you obviously I personally
believe when the game will come out when
there's more packs about and when people
are spending more money on packs selling
players will probably better at peak
times when there's when there's more and
sort of demand for them and then buying
off-peak times will pretty be better but
I'm not sure it could be it you know the
market its all to play for at the moment
it is a pretty pretty hard thing to go
by so that's going to be an end of the
video guys if you have enjoyed it and as
always feel free to leave a like on the
video that would be absolutely amazing
you guys seem to love these videos at
the moment so it is brilliant showing
them it's that support if there's
anything you want to know maybe I could
show you guys about how to get off this
off the ground when you're first
starting on the team you know you if you
have 500 coins how do you build up to
like 23 k and then continue trading if
you want to see that I can bring that to
you guys tomorrow let me know in comment
section below now and later on today or
there might have already evil already
even been there's a triple episode of
the seven minutes called series to
actually complete the finale of the
series and fifa 13 it will be in fifa 14
yeah thanks fortune guys have a nice day
hope you enjoyed the video and peace